DOCS-9904 Box Connector 5.0 (#1229)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: box/5.0/modules/ROOT/pages/box-connector-studio.adoc

You can use this connector in Anypoint Studio by first downloading it from Exchange and configuring it for your application.

Configure a connector in Anypoint Studio:

. Add the connector to your project.
. Configure the connector.
. Configure an input source for the connector.

== Add the Connector to Your Studio Project

Anypoint Studio provides two ways to add the connector to your Studio project: from the Exchange button in the Studio taskbar or from the Mule Palette view.

=== Add the Connector Using Exchange

. In Studio, create a Mule project.
. Click the Exchange icon *(X)* in the upper-left of the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.
. In Exchange, search for "box".
. Select the connector and click *Add to project*.
. Follow the prompts to install the connector.

=== Add the Connector in Studio

. In Studio, create a Mule project.
. In the Mule Palette view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.
. In *Add Modules to Project*, type "box" in the search field.
. Click this connector's name in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

== Configure the Connector

> To use the Box connector in a Mule application, configure a global Box configuration element that can be used by as many Box connectors as you require for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Box Connector in a Mule application, configure a global configuratuon element that can be used by as many Box Connectors as you require for your application.
```
